1.Compare and contrast nationalization and privatization
Privatization aims to buy government or public owned business and transfer it to the private ownership.
Nationalization aims to buy private-owned business and transfer it to goverment or public ownership.


2.What type of NTB is it if the US restricts origin of school lunch food
"Nonquantitative Nontariff Barriers"


3.Variable levy
"A variable levy guarantees that the market price of the import will be the same as that of domestically produced goods"

4.Country risks-
Country risk refers to the uncertainty associated with investing in a particular country, 
and more specifically the degree to which that uncertainty could lead to losses for investors.


5.Carbon footprints-
A carbon footprint is the total amount of greenhouse gases (including carbon dioxide and methane) that are generated by our actions

6.Coal-
Coal Energy Electricity from coal is the electric power made from the energy stored in coal.


7.Geothermal energy
Geothermal energy is the thermal energy in the Earth's crust which originates from the formation of the planet and from radioactive decay


Tarrifs-Taxes on imported goods for the purpose of raising their price to reduce competition 
for local producers or stimulate local production.

Ad Valorem Duty- An import duty levied as a percentage of the invoice value of imported goods.

Specific Duty- A fixed sum levied on a physical unit of an imported good.

Compound Duty- A combination of specific and ad valorem duties.

Variable Levy- An import duty set at the difference between world market 
prices and local government-supported prices.


Nontariff Barriers
•NTBs are all forms of discrimination against imports other than import duties.

•Quantitative Barriers Numerical limits for specific goods imported during specific period.

•Voluntary Export Restraints
VERs are export quotas imposed by exporting nation.
Orderly marketing arrangements are formal agreements.

